What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    When you initialize a repository you create the Git tracking system in the
    repository, it is important to initialize a repository or else it would just
    be an ordinary folder

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    I see the staging area as the middle ground between the working directory and
    my repository, a place to test changes before finally making a commit, to avoid
    making numerous commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    You simply add a single or associated file to the staging area for a particular
    logical commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    Branches would be very useful when experimenting a new feature or layout
    in a web projects, this would help you create an exact copy of your base code
    and experiment with the new feature without the need of breaking your original
    code base.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Diagrams are a very helpful tools for visualizing not just a branch structure
    but also helps in visualizing the entire commit history of a repository.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    Merging two branches together has a resulting branch of a single master branch
    and ya the diagram was also important as it gives a better understanding of what
    the system internal working mechanism looks like.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    Pros of Git's automatic merging would be the ability to save a developer time and
    also help him check mate cases of forgotten commits, while the doing the merges
    manually by the developer help him choose the crucial time or important feature
    of the projects at that time that he would want to commit to the master branch, and
    also manually merges works better in a collaborative environment. 
